[Here](https://github.com/ethereum/yellowpaper/files/1596574/Paper.pdf#blockhash) is an example of using a link to refer to a specific line of a PDF. Note that the actual PDF is not the latest, it is just used for demonstration purposes. This use is helpful for pedagogical and academic purposes. 
<!--update the above link after internal hyperlinks and hypertargets are added-->

To **get a link** you just right click on a link that directs to the target that you want in the PDF (in a browser or program) and copy the link.

To **create a link** that refers internally within the document, you first create a hypertarget with `\hypertarget{label}{string_end_that_is_appended_to_the_end_of_the_Yellow_Paper_PDF_URL}` (it's best to put it in the line before what you want a link to direct to). Note that the `string_end_that_is_appended_to_the_end_of_the_Yellow_Paper_PDF_URL` must be valid to be contained in URLs, so if you stick with letters, numbers, hyphens and underscores you will be fine, while other characters are [here](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/1547899/which-characters-make-a-url-invalid#1547940). Note that using underscores for word spaces will allow you to double click on any part of a string that has underscores and letters and numbers, to select the whole string, which is handy when creating new `\hyperlink`s. Since underscores are also used to indicate subscript text in formulas, you can use two underscores, e.g. for $H_n$ you can use \hypertarget{block_nonce_H__n}{block_nonce_H__n}. The corresponding link to this hypertarget, when merged, will thus become https://ethereum.github.io/yellowpaper/paper.pdf#block_nonce_H__n, while if there is no label for that hypertarget, again as mentioned it will just direct to the first page. Also note that it may be easier to use the same text in between the first and second pairs of braces for the `\hypertarget`.

Then you create a link with `\hyperlink{label}{text to be displayed}`, where again the first set of braces is a label that is the same as in the hypertarget (in the first set of braces0, and the second set of braces is the text that is displayed. Then, as mentioned, you get the link by right clicking on the link in the generated PDF and copying the link! Note that if the link doesn't have a hypertarget it will just direct to the first page. For more info on using the hyperref package, see [here](https://en.wikibooks.org/wiki/LaTeX/Hyperlinks).
